okay so this is going to be a tutorial
how to do your nails as a feather design
and sorry my nails I sir drive but first
you start off with a nail strengthener
and I'm just using the cheap one anyway
um then you just paint your nail fit let
it dry and um so you can get brothers at
michael's or another craft store you
refine them on the floor if you want but
I got mine from bass pro shops so if you
have one in your town I recommend that
you go there because you can get so much
more feathers for like only twelve
dollars and you get all of that and it
has like different designs and you can
buy different bird feathers there and I
think it's just a better deal but if you
get that what I have there you have to
get tweezers and pluck out the feather
you want it's kind of hard but you just
pull up and you have it and afterwards
once you get your treasure you basically
just have to get a base coat you can
pick whatever color you want but I was
going to go with a natural color because
you're not really going to see your nail
depending how thick you want your
feathers to be i'm just going to use
giordano's little light pink one
and the trick to this is after you paint
your nail like make sure you do this
right away you just get the feather and
you press it downwards on your nail and
make sure that you're holding both sides
of your nail or else the feather will
stick up and there's a big chance it
will probably be ripped off your nail so
just press it down firmly and let it dry
so oil like letting it dry you're going
to have a huge feather sticking off your
finger and it looks kind of weird but
you can cut it off with scissors but i'm
going to use nail clippers because it
goes closer with the shape of your nail
and I just find it easier that way and
most people would stop there and just
put a top coat on that but I wanted them
feathers to be thicker so you would have
more texture on it and it just gives it
a cooler effect so I just put it on
Milan ease clear topcoat and after where
you put on the top coat you do the same
thing as you did before with the base
coat but this time I make sure you put a
lot on because the feather is going to
soak some of it up like in the creases
and just put the feather same way put
the other one and make sure it's like
the same design or else it might look
weird and just hold down the sides girls
sleep good fall off
and once you have that you just cut
feather till your nail shape and your
nose should look like a feather nail or
designed at the very end I just put a
top coat on and sometimes the feather
the little strings will go the wrong way
so paint your nail the other way
direction and it should be all good and
then you should have a really cool
feather nail design and that's it thanks